But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
And then there are people who have inspired a lot of thought for me, people like J.J.
Cooley, you know, who's regarded by a few people, by some people, as sort of this kind of savant or idiot or something, that his ideas are just too terrible and too incompatible with the biology that they learnt, and in many ways they are.
But that's...
that's throwing baby out of the bath water.
I mean, the best thinkers in the world all fall through and suffer through the consequences of ten bad ideas for every good one, you know, the best creative thinkers.
And so, if you're going to jump on every one of the ideas that a person comes up with that you don't disagree with, that you don't agree with, then use that as
are to smear the person.
I think that's just, you're never going to get ahead in the world yourself.
You won't find the losers, the creative inspiration.
So I certainly think that JJ Cooley's overall take is very good.
Actually, J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
The one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists, you can capture it, you can sequence it, you can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
No one's ever come back from 3-1.
Agonizing defeat.
We've all been underestimated and counted out.
In those moments, we felt like it was over.
But it's when we're given no chance,
that we somehow found that last bit of strength to keep fighting.
And then we did what no one thought we could.
Not even ourselves.
We came back from the impossible.
From being broken.
We found a way when it seemed hopeless.
We came back when we should have been long forgotten.
And we did it time and time again.
Right now, we're fighting for something much bigger than a win or championship.
But if we learn anything from sports, it's that no matter how far down we may be,
We are never too far down to come back.
What time is it?
Game time!
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist, where we stay focused on that biology.
We don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbors.
Welcome to the show.
Please get your kids off of social media.
Get yourself off of social media.
There's no reason to be there.
You can let somebody else dip their feet into that trash.
Um, I don't mind doing it.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
In condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
Um, he was vaccine damaged.
Of course, we know that 2013 Brian Hooker gets it.
We know that 2015 Brandy Hooker got it.
I'm sorry, Brandy Hooker.
Brandy Vaughn got it.
I've seen too many pictures of Brandy and Brian together and I start calling them by the same last name.
Isn't that scary?
Also, I could say Tony Hooker, but no, it's Tony Bark.
Also in a lot of pictures with Brian Hooker.
Probably would have seen through the pandemic and gain a function in all this mythology very well.
That's why they were both killed in 2020.
And we don't have them in front of us to help them help us question our way out of this.
If you don't understand why the cheese is free on social media, if you don't understand why all of these mythologies are only possible because of social media, you're in big trouble.
Your kids are in big trouble.
There is a way out.
One of the ways out is to learn the biology that they ignore.
Learn the biology that they don't teach.
Fireworks on Friday, ladies and gentlemen.
Fireworks on Friday.
Don't forget.
If you're unaware, which is kind of impossible, Housatonic ITS, housatonicits.com, Housatonic Live on YouTube, Twitch, Rumble, BitChute, yada, yada, yada, the guys everywhere.
And his website is fantastic.
I'm going to show you or give you an example of that today.
And also this sub stack, I can't recommend enough.
Please share it around the world.
It's one of those ways that we can wake people up.
Scotland was an especially egregious crime.
And when you know the truth, the truth can set you free.
Yeah.
I don't know what to say, but we're going to get there.
The biology is going to get us there.
I'm pretty confident now that we can see our way out.
It's just that it's hard to do everything in one show.
This is just one American coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in the back of my garage.
Just one American and his family is putting all of it on the line here to make sure that people can avoid being drowned by this wave of consensus by staying focused on the biology.
Again, not taking that yucky bait on social media.
It's just a military program.
and getting reacquainted with your real neighbors again.
Maybe building some new ones.
Everybody who's been here for a while knows this.
You can look me up on my last name on PubMed to find out that I was a neurobiologist, a published one.
You can see I've got a couple YouTube channels.
Streaming on the second one at the moment.
Probably going to go back to JC on a Bike next week.
How it works is that there are a few very generous people who help this go.
About 110 subscribers and a few bigger donors and that's how we meet our ends and that's it.
We have not made any money last year.
Our taxes reflect a thoroughly
poverty-stricken family and I mean that without any joke.
I'm just trying to be as humble as possible.
We technically qualified under the poverty line last year, but we make it work.
My wife cooks every night.
My kids are tough.
And most important, they're healthy.
And so, you know, with a wife that is willing to, you know, take providing meals as one of her primary responsibilities and then really crush it.
You know, we live like kings here, actually.
It's a little bit like living in a restaurant.
You know, it's got a limited menu.
I mean,
You can ask the cook to make something special, but generally speaking, you're selecting from about 20 spectacular meals.
And so the kids, you know, they regularly debate about which things are moving up.
And every once in a while, the chef will try something new, and we have a debate about whether it makes it to the regular schedule.
And a couple days ago, we had something that had just a little more time than we were used to.
And I think by the end of the meal, everybody agreed that it could go on the schedule.
But it was funny in the beginning how everybody was immediately talking about, okay, this is okay, we can deal with this tonight, but let's not do this again.
It's very funny.
I'm really blessed to have such a wonderful partner in this.
And, you know, I thought I had more partners in this.
But actually what's going on on social media is that we had been tricked into believing that there was some phenomenon that we could assist with.
Some phenomenon that if we all pitched in together that we could change it or shape it differently or escape from it or
Prevent it or something like that and that illusion is very very much akin to what this man is doing in this video where he is Pretending to stop and start this this vehicle this train When it's obvious to all the people around that he's not doing that now, but what's important to see and important as a mind and
Exercise for especially anybody who has never done this before you might maybe it's possible.
There's somebody watching that's never done this before I've used this for a couple years now that you got to imagine what would happen if you came to this subway station from the stairs and there were about 300 of these guys and What would happen if 300 of those guys?
Were all
carrying equipment and and using tools and coordinating vocally and uh i don't know maybe even reinforcing each other by holding their shoulders in particular ways or or or even some of them are wearing suits that look like they might augment their
their strength and maybe some other guys have some kind of blocks or something you know that they're running along with to position in a certain place as if they matter and then they also pull those blocks out right before the other guys start to push again.
The more people
that had elaborate costumes and effects and were all on the same script as this guy, the more convincing it would be, even if you have a lifetime of experience riding the subway in New York and you lived for, I don't know, three years in Prague and rode the subway there.
Is there a subway in Prague?
I don't even know.
And so you have all this experience maybe with multi-level subways in Russia, for example, or whatever.
And then you came down into this subway station, and there were hundreds of people on the same script, but had elaborate costumes and effects.
And a couple of them asked you to help.
And you watched them pretend to barely be able to stop the last train.
and carefully started.
And then they turned around and said, dude, if you would just help, that would be great.
There's another train coming in 10 minutes.
It would be incredibly difficult for you to resist, even if you had a whole lifetime of experience riding the subway.
It would be very difficult for you to resist.
But the point is, is that this is not a situation where all of us had a lifetime experience riding a subway.
or even a single experience riding a subway one time when we went to New York or one time when we rode the L in Chicago and it went downtown.
we would still have the requisite experience to know that this one dude is full of shit.
But if there were a hundred of them with elaborate costumes and effects and a carefully orchestrated script not that dissimilar from, say, what the guys do on the deck of an aircraft carrier, then when they asked you to help on the next train because it has an extra car,
and a few other people came down the stairs and they decided to help and picked up some tools and said, okay, where do you want me to do?
It would be almost impossible for you to resist.
And what I'm trying to suggest to you and your children is that this is precisely what they do on social media to get you to believe actually anything.
And so that's why it's really important to have your elevator pitch down so that you understand how far we've come.
Population pyramids are real.
They posed a threat to Western economies, and they still might.
And so this is a population pyramid mitigating scheme.
RNA cannot pandemic, but they mean to be able to transfect us because they think this is the only way they can learn how ribosomes work.
This is the only way they can learn any more about how heredity works and how genetics contribute to health and disease.
And maybe even how to optimize development.
They need this.
They need us to accept the role of experimental animals and to surrender our sovereignty.
And that's why the idea that intramuscular injections are dumb is so annoying to everyone.
They want me to say it different, like intramuscular injection is not medicine, but it doesn't really hit the right button because it is the absurdity of intramuscular injection that you want to smack people in the face with.
It's absurd.
If I didn't say dumb, maybe I should say intramuscular injections are absurd.
And transfection is a crime, and it's a crime for multiple reasons.
It actually might be also an intellectual property crime in the sense that these involved individuals that go to the highest levels of many governments in the West are aware that transfection and transformation by adenovirus were longstanding methodologies that in no way, shape, or form
likely involved processes that at this stage could be patented, certainly not patented for another 20 years.
And so in order to reset the IP clock on these ideas, they needed to rename them.
And by renaming the
long-standing, you know, general term of transfection by lipid nanoparticle or cationic lipid or however it's described, you got a new thing going and that's the reason why none of the people in this picture have ever used the word transfection save that one time
on twitter and that podcast where heather haying said it and heather haying of course is only working from the script her husband gets and so it's okay if she made that mistake but she never made it again it's not like she stuck to it even though she said specifically my insistence and she thinks i'm right that gee these should be called transfections because calling them transfection would essentially
negate all of the intellectual property that these things represent, negate all of the negotiating power that these pharmaceutical companies, these suppliers, these patent holders have over these ideas if the main thing is just kind of dumb.
It's just a recombinant RNA
produced by pretty standard industrial methods and then it's somehow mechanically combined with a lipid nanoparticle and that's already very old too.
And so there might be some industrialization steps and specific methodologies for the regard to how they get the nanoparticle size to be very uniform that might be patentable but the whole idea, the concept is not.
I assure you.
And so from an intellectual property perspective, there's also a tremendous crime going on here.
But then if you take that and say that it's vaccines and try to mislead people into giving you consent for something that they clearly do not understand, then it becomes very, very disturbing.
And that's where we are with regard to the college kids and the young adults in America who we left out to dry for the first three years of this because we were chasing down a lab leak like a bunch of idiots.
And so it's apparent to me now that we have been under the spell of a bunch of organized adversaries because, for example, one of the primary NoVirus team members, Alex Zek, was on stage with Robert Kennedy Jr.
in 2021.
And then they kind of split up like the Ghostbusters to do more damage.
And it seems that that's the same kind of pattern could be seen between Tom Cowan and Andrew Kaufman and Robert Malone and McCullough and Cole, because they were also opposite each other on some podcasts early and then spread out to do more damage, never really questioning each other or naming each other again.
So essentially, they could both herd separate cats inside of this
I don't know, pseudo-conservative bullshit health freedom movement.
And that's why you also see this shockingly fraudulent man, Brian Artis, standing next to, well, that's 2022 Brian Hooker, but you know, the 2013 Brian Hooker doesn't say the word autism.
He doesn't like the word autism because his son was vaccine damaged.
These two guys, father and, sorry, husband and wife, have been staunch supporters of Bobby Kennedy since before the pandemic, since before Brandy and Tony were killed.
Here's Lee Dundas, some woman who fooled around with the American trucker thing that screwed it all up or brought guns to it or some shit like that.
And Judy Mikovits, of course, the lady associated with the
baby god movie and probably that family because one of the members of that family roped her into some institute there to study chronic fatigue syndrome and the possible causes of autism from some marine hepatitis virus or some bull... I don't even know.
I don't even care.
because it's a complicated story about nothing that has almost direct ties from the intellectual perspective and from the historical perspective to these people who are tied to the HIV mythology.
And again, I don't have a definitive answer for what HIV was or where it came from.
Because the whole point is, is that all we have are accounts from liars.
We don't have a true account that we can compare all the other accounts to.
The only thing we have is what we've been handed down from these liars.
A controlled narrative.
and the pandemic we started already in the midst of under the guise and not the guise of the spell of this controlled narrative.
And part of that controlled narrative was this bad biology that they're teaching in high schools and in college classrooms for the last 15 or 20 years.
And that's why California Jam, for example, with a satanic lightning bolt and some eyeballs and shit, these guys are all there together.
They don't question, this guy doesn't, is not like pushing them to say it right.
Does this guy say that intramuscular injection is dumb or does he just talk about, you know, kind of,
Amorphous stuff.
You know, does this guy say that all vaccines are dumb?
Has this guy said all vaccines are dumb?
Has this ranch owner in Austin, Texas said all vaccines are dumb?
And of course they haven't.
They only say it behind the scenes.
They only say it when it's safe.
And they've only said it when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were still alive.
You got to get your children out of social media while you can.
It's really imperative that they understand that social media cannot be used to find reality.
It can be used to communicate with your friends.
You know, you can have a team app where you can get your schedule and you can know who's going to show up at practice and stuff.
I guess that's fine.
Because otherwise, you turn your consciousness over to a team of performers with elaborate costumes in effect.
They can be all on the same script, and they can bamboozle you about things that are happening in the Middle East, or the things that are happening in the UFO story, or the things that are happening in the White House.
And then what happens is this narrative is controlled in such a way so that the vast majority of people come to accept things that weren't real.
Accept circumstances that are oversimplified or exaggerated.
And then they move on from there.
And then they accept another set of poor premises and they move on from there.
And specifically what these people were put in place is to make sure no useful resistance
to the rollout of transfection occurred until it was already over.
Until the murder could be as safely stopped in 2022.
And that's why if you look at the track record of any of these people before 2022, you can see the performance in real time.
The idea that Kevin, worst case scenario, McCairn was saying it's worst case scenario in 2020 because a billion people might die.
And in 2024, he was saying that it's worst case scenario because everybody's going to get amyloid or have a prion disease.
And he's still saying that now in the middle of 2025, he's still telling stories about prion disease, curiously enough, using papers that are published by Indian scientists.
And they're really shitty papers, really shittily written papers.
It's remarkable the kind of nonsense that this has boiled down to.
That these five people saying that there's no virus have all gotten books and they all act real sweet and they play all this shitty music behind themselves.
This Bailey girl is one of the worst people on the planet.
I think her husband is actually embarrassed that they took the job.
And if you watch him and all of these podcasts, he's always the reluctant participant.
He can barely eke out a smile, but she loves it.
This lady I think loved it a lot too.
She was really, I don't know, maybe they just used her name, but all the emails that I ever got from these people while I was working for CHD and I was supposed to be like helping CHD.
I was trying to get CHD and the no virus people to come to realize that the national security state could lie about this by just using recombinant DNA and RNA and putting it in places.
But neither CHD and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker
and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
were able to digest that idea, and also the no-virus people were unable to digest that idea.
And Kevin McCarran was unable to digest that idea.
And if he's digesting that idea now, it's only because they have changed his script enough to allow it.
because this shithead in 2020 was saying, just it's literally turning into worst case scenario.
And in 2024, the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
And in 2025, he's still saying it.
But one thing I am confident of from everything I've read is that this RNA exists.
You can capture it.
You can sequence it.
You can move it to other cells and recapitulate disease.
And of course, he's working with Charles Rixey for a couple years, who that guy, who you just heard, who says that the RNA is real, you can capture it, you can sequence it, and you can put it in places and recapitulate disease.
That guy is the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project.
His dad worked on microarrays.
His brothers have cancer companies.
This guy is one of the biggest shitheads in America.
One of the worst traitors in America because for the last six years he has been performing on podcasts using his script, Robert Malone's script, and promoting people like Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass and
Andrew Kaufman and the NoVirus people by saying their names out loud, performing as part of Steve Kirsch's steering committee, performing in front of some state assemblies with John Bodwin.
This man is a fraud because any warning that he's giving you now could have been given in 2020 and it could have been given much more forcefully, much more simply
like we're trying to do now, but he didn't because he is still exhibiting this spectacular commitment to the lies that they have perpetuated from the beginning of the pandemic.
And this is all about the Human Genome Project.
That's how you understand why Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan have all come together under CHD.
You know, some random doctor from Maine that's tangled with Steve Hatfill and Robert Malone over anthrax vaccines is now working with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland, a lady who says that some component of the MMR hurt her son.
She's just a, you know, some Columbia professor, is it?
I don't know.
She spent a few years in Russia, so it's hard for me to remember where she got her degree.
Anyway,
These people aren't real.
Mary Holland is not a real lawyer with like real legal ideas on how to win this.
Come on, that's a, that's like a, that's a really bad joke.
That's how we got here.
These people are how we got here.
And you can see it by their, their track record.
I apologize.
This is not, this is not ideal.
That might be better.
I mean, we have Steve Bannon, who's absolutely fake.
This guy lies for a living.
He used to work for, you know, the Goldman Sachs, for goodness sakes.
He knew that it was a lab leak in January of 2020, so that's impossible.
He also had Steve Hatfill on his War Room podcast in January of 2025.
That's impossible.
And he was also saying that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
should be vice president way earlier.
than anybody could have.
And remember, of course, his very good friend, in his own words, a genius, Tony Lyons, is the guy who runs the Skyhorse Publishing, where they published a book with Jesse Ventura called Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, where the epilogue is a story about how Jesse Ventura takes Robert F. Kennedy Jr., a former independent presidential candidate, as his
freaking vice president and then gets shot so that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
becomes president.
And that's really eerily similar to what happened this past year and a half with
with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Donald Trump.
And of course, that guy along with Brett Weinstein was also saying, you know, hopefully Donald, I mean, he's got a devoted video on his website for, you know, hopefully Donald Trump will see that we can unite America by making Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
your vice presidential candidate.
And then like three days later, they gave him J.D.
Vance.
So this is all one big show.
It's all a cat-herding exercise.
And Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is just this dude.
I don't think he ever wanted to fight for vaccine-injured kids or the justice that their parents deserve any more than he wanted to, I don't know, clean up the water.
Maybe he kind of is a naturalist and cares a little bit about nature.
I'm willing him to give him that, but the idea that he wanted to put his, you know, all of his career and his political clout behind these
these vaccine-injured kids is only done, was only done because he knew that he had the support of such a team of people provided by I don't know who, I guess the U.S.
government in some way or another, put Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker and Del Bigtree,
and all these shitheads in place and not all of them have to know how they're being used but all of them are shitheads at this point because all of them in more than a decade and a half have made no progress in their messaging when the messaging is really very simple RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injection is absurd
And these are old, old technologies.
And what makes it so curious about being old technologies is the intellectual property thing.
And also the idea that that the FDA should regulate it.
And so they have avoided the regulation by the FDA of two very specific things.
That of PCR testing as a diagnostic completely got in during the pandemic and we have all come to accept it.
All the corporate hospitals have come to accept it.
Yet the FDA has never evaluated any of this methodology and it should be evaluating each instance of it.
Think about that for a second.
It's like during the pandemic, we decided that all cars in Pennsylvania are safe and we don't need to inspect any cars anymore.
And because it's dangerous.
And so then since there was no increase in accidents, we've decided that after the pandemic's over, we're just gonna not inspect cars anymore.
And that might be a bad example, but it is not that dissimilar to
For the pandemic, the FDA stepped aside and didn't regulate things for a while.
And then now the pandemic is kind of over, so the FDA could go back and look at what it didn't regulate and see if there's anything they should step in on.
It could recheck, it could catch up.
But instead, what we're doing is only moving forward with these different modes of acceleration, with these different ways of getting rid of the usual testing requirements, including moving on with some kind of AI stuff, you know, like the domain program or something, I guess.
to get rid of animal testing and do toxicity by AI which is an extraordinary thing to be talking about when at the beginning of the pandemic there are numerous instances of this man and that guy up there and probably even Tony Fauci and other people saying that the FDA is in the way
when his father and his father were intimately involved in updating the FDA during the time of Estes Kefauver.
The history here is frickin' extraordinary.
So my friend Joe Marshall of the Liberty Perspective sent me a link here that he found on the internet, tobacco-related disease research program with Robert Malone, MD, the University of Maryland Cancer Center,
and an award, it's a new investigator award in 1995, gene augmentation therapy for tobacco induced emphysema.
So what he's talking about there is cancer induced by tobacco use and gene augmentation therapy, which would be transfection of those cells in order to, you know, cure the cancer, I guess.
Now it's curious to me that only an intellectual person like Joe, who I know is working diligently on this and trying to help and sends me useful things all the time.
It's just disappointing to me, I'll be really honest, that Joe is the guy who sent me this.
Because you don't even need to find this.
You could just go to PubMed.
And if you just go to PubMed and you put in Robert Malone, Malone-RW, just like I tell you to do, Cooey-JJ, and transfection, you'll get a whole list of articles that contain the keyword transfection and have an author that is Robert Wallace Malone.
Now, if we do this together,
If we go directly to the website, this is the website, okay?
So I've got the, it's live now, you can see that.
And you put the name in, you're gonna get this list and you can just scroll down.
You can change this to be the one that's the oldest.
And so I found the one that is the most recent is 2004.
Electroporation enhances transfection efficiency in marine cutaneous wounds.
And of course, marine, we know from Mark's work on the marine viruses that
that Judy Mikovits is doing.
Maureen is mouse.
And so they do mouse skin wounds.
And then they're looking at electroporation and whether it enhances the transfection efficacy.
And the second author is Robert Malone.
And his affiliation is with Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions, Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center.
It's very interesting.
And so I thought I'd show you this.
Again, if you're on PubMed and you can't get the article, you gotta go to this website.
I don't know how long this website's gonna be up, but it works very well.
If you're not aware of this website, please take this down and bookmark it.
What this allows you to do is you can just drop in the title even, as you see above my head.
And if you drop in that title, you're just gonna get the, it'll just come up.
And so then you can save this and read this PDF.
You can send this PDF to me and I don't have to look it up.
I don't need to go through two links.
And you can share an article with me.
Not a link, but an article.
You can do that for a lot of things.
You can take the DOI and do it.
You can take the title and do it.
A lot of different combinations will generally work.
So I thought it would be cool to look at this paper as a quick little journal club because it's just cute.
Again, electroporation enhances transfection efficacy, efficiency, excuse me, in marine cutaneous wounds.
And so transfection of wounds, let me see if I can make this, do I have it open already?
I think I have it open already.
I have it open already.
no okay so anyway i wanted to read this a little bit they are talking about transfection of course and in this case they're doing dna in this uh thing they also have a a molecule called luciferase in there and luciferase is a glow-in-the-dark molecule
a fluorescent molecule so that they can track whether or not protein expression is occurring.
And so they can put the DNA naked onto the wound and then come back in a few days and there'll be some glow-in-the-dark protein there because the DNA will get taken up by the wound and the cells in the wound and be expressed.
And so the idea is to see if they could use electroporation
to increase transfection efficiency at the wound.
So they're not even doing anything
They don't even have a hypothesis about what to do.
And so here's what I mean.
If you read the first part of the paper, exogenous application of growth factors has been shown to have the potential to improve wound healing.
However, the requirement for frequent dosing because of the short half-life of delivered peptides, that's proteins,
has limited their clinical efficacy.
Gene therapy with growth factor encoding DNA may allow the continuous production of these factors within wounds to encourage healing.
So he's talking about transfection with DNA to express growth factors.
to increase wound healing.
It's like a little, I guess like a X-Men kind of thing.
Skin is an attractive potential target for gene therapy due to its accessibility for application and monitoring and the possibility of removing tissue if necessary.
Like, you know, if it goes cancerous.
So although virally mediated gene delivery has high transfection efficiency, so here I think he's being a little imprecise because viral delivery of genes and DNA would be generally called transformation, I think.
But for the sake of me being a winner, his use of transfection for all of this and only transformation in bacteria
even underscores more the fact that apparently, according to Robert Malone, I would be very right, that this is an old suite of methodologies that would have never been appropriate for healthy humans.
The only reason why anybody took it is because these people efficiently lied about it, almost renamed it.
And so an effective means of increasing transfection efficiency may allow for a reduction in the amount of DNA required.
to reduce the clinical effect and significantly improve the therapeutic impact.
So electroporation has been commonly used for delivery of DNA in vitro cells since the 80s.
Electroporation is the application of electrical field across cells in order to permealize the cell membrane to allow the entry of macromolecules.
And so the materials and methods here, what they're going to do is they're going to use this glow-in-the-dark protein to see if they can get more glow-in-the-dark expression of the DNA if they use electroporation, okay?
In other words, there are no plasmids with growth factors in here, right?
They're just testing the methodology of can we get more protein to be made.
And the way they're going to monitor the protein being made is with the glow-in-the-dark protein.
They're not putting anything in here that's going to make the mice or they're not hypothesizing by putting anything in here that's going to make the mice heal.
We can check that to make sure.
Plasmids
Um...
The plasmid GWIZ-LUX, containing the CMV promoter, that's cytomegalovirus promoter, and luciferase transgene, was obtained by Gene Therapy Systems in San Diego, California.
The plasmids were purified using an endotoxin-free plasmid purification kit.
So they are telling you here that what they did was they ordered a plasmid from a company, and then they made a lot of it,
by growing it in bacteria.
And so since they grew it in bacteria and then broke those bacteria open to get the DNA out, they would be contaminated with endotoxins.
So they have to use an endotoxin-free plasmid purification kit from Kaijin in order to
following the culture and transformed DH5-alpha bacteria.
So again, they grow the plasmid that they bought in the store in a DH5-alpha bacteria culture.
And then when they lyse the culture to take the now very large quantity of DNA out, they have to purify it using a plasmid purification kit.
So understand something very clear.
There is no difference between this methodology and the production of the mRNA for whatever these guys are calling the COVID shots.
They made an RNA construct, well actually a DNA construct, in bacteria in high quantities and then needed to purify that from the endotoxin, which is doable.
And then they converted that to RNA
And then they needed to purify that RNA, which is not doable.
And this is the same technology.
It's a paper from 2004 with Robert Malone on it.
And so what they're going to do is they're going to express this protein.
This shows you how stupid this paper is, right?
This square wave electroporation characteristics in figure two shows you exactly how fake this paper is.
This is really bad.
Because this would be like saying, we're working on automobiles, and here's a general diagram of a car.
And the arrows point to the hood, the wheels, and the doors.
It's like, seriously, you needed to have a figure to tell us what you were gonna do with your electroporation?
Nobody cares.
Except Robert Malone.
Why would he care?
Well, because the animals were electroporated at the site of injection within two minutes of plasmid administration using a square wave electroporator, EMC 830 BTX from Genotronics in San Diego, California.
GeneTronics, if I, you know, I Google GeneTronics, it's so weird because I get this article that says, San Diego and Oslo, Norway, 2000, January 26th in 2005, GeneTronics Biomedical Corporation, late stage developer of oncology and other therapies using electroporation to deliver drugs and nucleic acids announced today the acquisition of Oslo-based Inovio AS, a leader in patented gene delivery technology.
for the most efficient non-viral method for gene transfer to skeletal muscles.
Holy shit!
Gene transfer to skeletal muscles sounds like intramuscular electroporation.
That sounds like an even worse idea than intramuscular injection.
It sounds like the future technology that, you know, Robert Malone might be very interested in approving on the ACIP.
It includes cash in Inovio's treasury of approximately $775,000 and approximately 2 million in current and anticipated appropriations for biodefense research for the U.S.
Army and for other committed grants.
Now, of course, intramuscular electroporation for application to vaccines and immunotherapy is scary as shit to me.
But of course, this is Robert Malone, right?
And you would know that if you went to Heucytonics page and you went to the G's and you went down here and you went to GeneTronic and you opened it up.
And it would be right here.
And you would be able to follow these links and find out that, you know, he knew this a while ago.
Mark Kulak knew this a while ago that, you know, this company was actually called Biotechnologies and Experimental Research, BTX, before it changed its name to GeneTronics.
So every time I think I'm finding something interesting, well not every time, but sometimes I find that Mark has already found it and already archived it and maybe didn't even bother to tell me because he wasn't really sure whether it was significant or not.
But I assure you that every paper that Robert Malone has on his transfection resume is evidence that he is central
This whole charade where they're taking old technology and renaming it, repurposing it, reinventing it so that people accept it and accept the apparent unknown shortcomings.
That's why Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are so important to this narrative.
It's really important that you see that.
I can't stress it enough.
Ladies and gentlemen, I did promise you that we would pick up where we left off yesterday.
This is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
That's why there's a fake anti-vax health freedom movement.
And in this fake anti-vax health freedom movement, of course, Robert F. Kennedy Jr., the head of Health and Human Services, the secretary of Health and Human Services, was just on the Tucker Carlson Bonanza show.
And he opened with this idea that there are drug houses in America being run by the Chinese mafia.
But is very aspecific about what's going on.
And certainly at this point, blaming things on China is starting to become old to me.
Because from the very beginning, I had people like Piper Stover and others trying to tell me that I needed to focus on China because they didn't have any morals and they were going for artificial life.
Or was it Craig Ventner?
I don't know.
But it's all, it's all gotta be smoke and mirrors.
I don't trust anything that any of those people have told me in the last five years.
And one of the things that was very consistent that I was told was that the only thing we had to worry about was China.
I'm gonna escape out of here, close this and start the movie externally so that it plays correctly and I can control it with the,
with the mouse, if you don't mind.
Why are you being a pain?
Come on now, don't be a pain.
Oh, I'm on the wrong screen.
I see why it's being a pain.
Here we go.
This is where we left off yesterday.
Thanks for being here guys.
And you know, there's a new version of the COVID vaccine that just came out.
that was approved by FDA and that vaccine is going to actually do real clinical trials.
And it's being given to people who are 65 years older or have profound comorbidities.
But the agreement with the company is that everybody who takes it will be part of a clinical trial.
So we'll actually get some real data.
And as you know, there was just data chaos with the other
vaccine.
In fact, you know, the Pfizer vaccine.
Everybody who takes it will be part of the clinical trial.
He just said it.
I mean, it's too easy.
You can just hear it if you listen.
When it came out, it had a higher all-cause mortality.
So more people died in the placebo group.
I mean, more people died in the vaccine group than in the placebo group.
I had 20,000 people who got the vaccine, 20,000 who didn't.
And after six months, they looked at it and there was 23% more deaths in the vaccinated group from all causes than in the placebo group.
And the efficacy was kind of dubious because there was only two people who died from COVID in the placebo group.
And there was one person who died.
Well, data set they were looking at, and so they said, you remember, they were saying the vaccine is 100 percent effective.
Well, that's why they were saying it, because there was a there was two, two is 100 percent of one, right?
100 percent larger than one.
So that but that's what they had.
But they were telling the American people it's 100 percent effective.
And that when people heard that, they thought,
If you get the vaccine, you can't get COVID, which of course, now we realize, now everybody realizes it was wrong, because everybody got COVID, whether they got the vaccine or not.
And, you know, what they really should have been telling people is that in order to prevent one death from COVID, you had to give 19,999 vaccines.
If any of those vaccines were killing people, you would cancel out the effect of, you know, the beneficial effect.
Do you think the COVID, I mean, net, as we say in business, just kidding, do you think overall the COVID vaccine killed more than it saved?
My opinion about that is irrelevant.
what we're gonna try to do is make a science available so the public and look at the science and i would not say one way or the other and the truth is i don't know and what the reason i don't know is because uh... the studies that were done by my agency were substandard and they were not designed to answer that question and there's been a lot of obfuscation about on about covering up uh... as you know about suppressing any kind of uh...
discussion of vaccine injuries.
I mean, Mark Zuckerberg.
One of the easiest ways to debunk this idea that everybody got COVID is that that premise is no different than it was always there.
that there's just a irreducibly complex background that they're claiming is evidence of spread.
So when somebody says that everybody got COVID, that is absolutely intellectually undifferentiable from they're already have been there because we didn't test for anything before 2020.
They have no data to support that idea.
Publicly said that he was ordered by the White House to suppress anybody on his platform on Facebook or Instagram.
who mentioned vaccine injuries.
Oh, he was ordered by the Biden administration to, and he said, you know, I, he said, I was stunned.
I was being ordered by the federal government to deny facts.
Anybody can look him up on YouTube saying that.
So, and we know that too, because I sued the Biden administration and we got all this discovery documents that show that he was 37 hours after he took the oath of office, swearing to uphold the constitution,
He opened up a group in the White House whose job it was to suppress any dissent about this government policy.
And I was the first person that they went after.
37 hours after he took that oath, they were telling Facebook to take me off of Instagram, which Facebook did.
I had almost a million followers, and there was no vaccine misinformation on there.
I asked Facebook again and again, show me one fact I got wrong.
Everything I put on there that was vaccine related was cited and sourced in government databases or to peer-reviewed publications.
and uh but they were you know it was not uh it wasn't uh misinformed the word in fact they had to invent a new word which is because facebook was saying to the white house this isn't misinformation it's actually true and the white house
said, well, it's malinformation.
Malinformation, this is an Orwellian kind of construct.
And malinformation is information that is factually true, but it is nevertheless inconvenient for the government.
And all the people who are now running this agency were censored.
OJ Bhattacharya was censored.
Marty McCary was censored.
Dr. Oz was censored.
Vinay Prasad was censored.
We were all censored.
I was censored.
I remember well.
What's the status of the... How were Marty McCary and Vinayak Prasad censored with their YouTube and stuff?
Like, what does that even mean?
I don't even... That is ridiculous.
Oh my gosh.
...vaccine pregnant women.
The recommendation has been removed now for pregnant women.
Are you satisfied that mRNA technology is safe for people?
I'm not satisfied.
You know, I can't... I'm not satisfied is the shittiest answer you could possibly give
when you know that he had me as his scientific advisor for more than a year.
Because you can bet dollars to donuts that I have told him all about transfection.
And I told him all about that the moment I was allowed to speak to him.
When I was asked by Brian Hooker, what do you want to do a podcast about with me?
It was about transfection.
So understand very well that Robert Malone is in place and advising this man to ignore me because transfection is a renamed shitty technology.
And Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan are at the heart of this absolute long con.
You know, my opinion about that is irrelevant, but we will be doing those studies.
And I would say there's a lot of skepticism in this agency about mRNA vaccines, you know, about mRNA technology, about the status of it now, about whether it's safe.
And we do not, you know, the safety studies simply have not been done, but there's enough anecdotal reports of people getting profound injuries that may or may not be associated with it.
And we're going to answer those questions.
What happened with the vaccine board?
I keep reading you fired all these eminent scientists on the vaccine board.
Yeah, I fired all these what?
All these important, highly credentialed scientists.
Well, we fired that board because it was just an instrument.
It was a sock puppet for the industry that it was supposed to regulate.
And this was a long time coming, Tucker.
In 2002,
The Government Oversight Committee and the United States Congress held hearings about that board, which is called ASAP, Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
And they said that 97% of the people on that board had undisclosed conflicts.
many of them that disclosed conflicts as well.
Um, but they said that Congress said that it gave an example and said the rotavirus vaccine was approved by that board.
And there were five members of that board.
So it's remarkable that we're still going.
Remember to Paul Offit and the rotavirus vaccine and the conflicts of interest that Paul Offit has, he can't come up with any other example, any more than Paul Offit can come up with any other example of an anti-vaxxer.
It's always CHD and Mary Holland and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
That's it.
And this guy can't come up with anybody else other than Paul Offit.
And four of them had direct financial interests in the rotavirus vaccine.
They were working for the companies that made the vaccine or they were receiving grants to do clinical trials on that vaccine.
Four of them, but he's only going to mention one.
They all had overwhelming financial interests.
One of the people on that board was a guy called Paul Offit, and who is one of the big voices.
Is he saying it like fricking Tucker doesn't know who it is?
Can you see what's happening here?
This video isn't for somebody that's been following Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
for four years or five years or six years or since vaxxed.
This video is for people who are just trying to get to know him.
for people who don't know who Robert Malone is.
Otherwise, these two guys would be talking about their good friend by name.
Vaccines that CNN goes to him all the time when it wants to know about vaccines.
He voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to the schedule when he had a rotavirus vaccine in development.
Because it's now on the schedule, his developing vaccine is virtually guaranteed to get on the schedule.
It's a competitive product, but once you say rotavirus vaccine has to be vaccinated for, his vaccine is now guaranteed to get on the schedule.
The one they voted on, that he voted on,
within a year it had to be withdrawn because it was causing this really disastrous disease in kids that is often lethal called insusception, agonizingly painful when your intestines kind of tie up against each other and it kills children on occasion.
That vaccine was pulled the following year and his vaccine then replaced him.
He was still on the committee.
He didn't vote on that, but he was still on the committee, but he voted to make.
It's a really interesting story to tell because it seems like there's a lot of circumstantial evidence for the idea that DNA or RNA vaccines, DNA vaccines, most likely we're going to be brought in under the guise of an anthrax vaccine failure in the military.
that the old anthrax vaccine is nasty and it hurts a lot of soldiers and we might need a new generation of anthrax vaccine.
It sounds like Paul Offit pulled the same shit that Robert Malone tried but didn't get away with or something like that.
I mean, it's bizarre.
It's like a little mini shitty version of probably the real story behind the anthrax vaccine and the intention to use bioterrorism as an excuse to, to move to DNA based vaccines.
And who else, who else came up with that?
Who's, who's the only person who could have brought any of that information to light?
It ain't me.
It's Mark.
It's not George Webb or Paul Cattrell or Kevin McCarran or Charles Rixey with his 3,000, you know, articles on an Excel sheet.
It's not Jessica Rose.
It's not Kim Iverson.
It's not fricking Shannon Joy.
It's not Doc Malek.
They're all on the same script that Robert Malone and Kevin McCarran gave them about the spike protein and COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
Mark has been trying to get out of the cave by building a, a archive of these people and their connections.
And this is ridiculous story in light of this whole anthrax vaccine, next generation vaccine thing that for the love of goodness, Merrill Nass, Robert Malone, and fricking Veera Sharma were all in the same call to Congress about in 2011.
the coronavirus vaccine.
He and his business partners, Stanley Plotkin and a couple of other people sold that vaccine to Merck for $186 million.
He told Newsweek that he won the lottery.
It's been said of him that he voted himself rich.
And that kind of conflict was typical on that committee, but that was the most... Did people know this was going on?
That's such an obvious conflict.
The Office of Inspector General in this department investigated and they said, this is a disaster, you gotta change it.
Congress investigated and said, you've got to change it, and they did nothing.
The most glaring example of medical malpractice by this group is that they approved all these vaccines.
We went from 11, remember, to 69 to 92, 11 vaccines in 86.
And not one of them had, except for COVID, COVID is the only one,
and had a pre-licensing safety trial that involved a placebo, a true placebo.
And so all of those other vaccines were ushered in without safety studies.
And that means nobody understands the risk profile of those products.
How can you do that?
They did it.
It's corruption.
And it's because of agency capture.
It's because the companies that were making these products said, if you can get your vaccine on the schedule,
It's generally, typically about a billion dollars a year for your company, because you now have a trap market.
With no downside.
No downside.
First of all, the federal government oftentimes actually designs the vaccines.
NIH would design it.
It would hand it over to the pharmaceutical company.
The pharmaceutical company then runs it through ASIP and runs it first through FDA, then through ASIP and gets it recommended.
If you can get that recommendation, you now got a billion dollars in leased revenues by the end of the year.
every year forever so um so there was you know there was a gold rush to add new vaccines to the schedule and this and asim never so stanley plotkin was the chief science offer officer of inovio and stanley plotkin is the author with with paul offett on this book vaccines like this very thick ridiculous book called vaccines is plotkin and offett
Robert Malone has ties to Plotkin and Offit.
Come on.
It's all one malevolent show.
Turned away a single vaccine.
Everyone that came to them, they, you know, recommended.
And a lot of these vaccines are for diseases that are not even casually contagious.
You know, how are you, you know, I mean, you know, they recommended the Hepatitis B vaccine for babies when they're an hour old, the first day of life, they get that.
And you know, Hepatitis B, if your mother's got it, you should get it.
And you can, you know, you can pass through maternal transmission.
But every mother that goes to the hospital in this country is tested for it.
So we know which ones, you know, are vulnerable, which aren't.
Oh, but the mass vaccination of the entire population, including well children, this is a disease.
You get through sexual transmission or you get it from sharing needles.
And particularly, it was prevalent among promiscuous gay men.
But a one-day-old baby, the risk to a one-day-old baby was one in seven million.
Very few of whom are promiscuous.
Very few of whom are involved in prostitution or drug addiction.
So, you know, but it was a financial, they were all financial drivers.
So, and a lot of the diseases that they target are not disease, the vaccine itself does not prevent transmission.
And so, you know, the justification.
This is a line that somebody like James Lyons Weiler was saying in 2019, that there's asymptomatic transmission of viral diseases, which are vaccine preventable.
Because in the vaccinated people, these viruses are still being transmitted.
This is a background signal that they are lying about and pretending that they have a high-fidelity understanding of how they move around.
And who's claiming that?
Very specifically, people associated with CHD and the fake anti-vax movement.
Like Brian Hooker who claimed it in a live stream in 2020 that COVID transmits asymptomatically.
Like James Lyons-Weiler who's been on stage with Judy Mikovits and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Brandi Vaughn at the same time.
The reason why these people stick to this narrative is because it's been given to them.
They are not sophisticated enough to understand its limitations.
they have just been told that it's the winning bet.
And so no matter how dumb it gets in light of what other people say, no matter how dumb it gets in light of what other people learn, they stick to the same shitty script.
And once you see it, it is so gross.
For having it mandated is very ephemeral.
And, you know, these are all things that we need to look at.
We want to protect public health, but, you know, that means protecting against chronic disease too.
And, you know, these vaccines have, there's nobody who will contest that they cause, that they can cause chronic disease, chronic injuries that last a lifetime.
So one of the reasons that the system has become so corrupt, I think it's fair to say, is Anthony Fauci, one of the longest-serving federal employees, who was the subject of one of the best-selling books a couple of years ago, which he wrote, the Real Anthony Fauci Amazing Book.
And all this information about him was exposed to the world, and he gets some sign of cure at Georgetown and still has Secret Service protection.
He seems to be thriving.
He doesn't have Secret Service protection any longer.
President Trump took that away from him, but he got immunity.
Why did he need immunity?
So, so far, we're selling the
The Tony Fauci book, I mean, yeah, the Tony Fauci book, like I told you they would.
Why did he need a pardon in advance?
What do you think the answer is?
I would be speculating, but I think he was vulnerable.
I think he had a lot of liability on creating the coronavirus.
He was funding precisely that research at the Wuhan lab, and he was giving them the technology.
He was giving them not only the technology, the precise technology for developing that pathogen,
and published about it.
And you know, the publications credit NIH for the, for the, for the, uh, uh, for the, for financing the studies.
But he also gave them one of his fundees, Ralph Baric from the university of North Carolina developed a technique called a seamless ligation technique, which is a technique for hiding the laboratory origins of a, of a virus, of a manipulated virus.
So that,
That is the same technique that Kevin McKernan went on the Danny Jones podcast and lied about, but then also made a little bit of a slip and also called it Golden Gate Assembly.
And so this idea that there's this special technology that only the fat virus baker named Ralph Baric figured out is bullshit.
There are no special techniques that they use to assemble a coronavirus genome.
They use standard human genome project methodologies to make large quantities of DNA.
They cut them with restriction enzymes that have been cataloged over the last 30 years so that the ends go together the way they want to, and they assemble a genome.
And using these techniques, they can make a large, synthetic, pure quantity of DNA that would never be possible in any other context and definitely is impossible to find or generate by natural means in the real world.
Doesn't matter how many bats you have in a cage, you can never reach the purity of grams of a DNA construct except through these techniques which were developed by the Human Genome Project and used around the world
by pharmaceutical companies that make biologics, but they don't stop at DNA.
They don't stop at RNA.
They make the protein and then they can remove the DNA and RNA using a process called anion exchange chromatography, which doesn't work to separate DNA from RNA.
And so all of these shortcomings of trying to transfect people with an RNA was known.
The impurity due to the manufacturer was known.
The endotoxic endotoxins being a contaminant or a possible contaminant was known.
The inability to separate the DNA from the plasmid, known.
And nobody knew it better than Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan at the start of the pandemic.
And that's why nobody could do the job that they did.
And nobody can do the job that they're doing now.
Robert F Kennedy jr.
Is on that stupid-ass script because he's not sophisticated enough to understand and I told him I've told him a couple times even once in an email, but if you're surrounded by Meryl Nass and Mary Holland and Ryan Ryan Cole and Peter McCullough and Pierre Corey and and
Kevin McKernan and and Robert Malone and they all tell you that that guy's an asshole.
He's a he's a shithead He yelled at me on the phone.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
He's lost his mind and this guy is just a monkey He probably doesn't even remember my name anymore
that normally, if there's a virus manipulated, you can look at it, you know, thought researchers can look at it, they can look at the DNA sequences.
And they can say this thing was created in a lab.
Ralph Baric had developed a technique that he called the no-seum technique.
And its technical name was seamless ligation.
And it was a way of hiding evidence of human tampering.
What is the public health rationale?
If you were interested in public health, you would want to be doing the inverse of that.
You would want to be pinning red.
Now, why is this stupid?
It's stupid for one reason and one reason only that all biologists should understand.
If you are making a construct that is supposedly going to be producing some 31 proteins in total during an infection, then the ligation technique that you use, the sequences that you glue together, and the restriction enzymes that you use to glue those things together will be chosen very meticulously.
So that even though you're assembling this thing, you get the sequence that you want.
Not the sequence that, you know, well, we're sticking it together.
So we have to have scotch tape here.
And there has to be scotch tape here.
And then when the DNA goes through the ribosome, or gets translated into RNA and then goes through the ribosome, the scotch tape doesn't get in the way.
And that's impossible, of course, because we're talking about supposedly a live genome construct where every amino acid means something.
Where four amino acids could be a fear and cleavage site that causes the virus to pandemic.
And so, on one hand, we're talking about a seamless ligation technique that hides the... It doesn't hide anything.
There's no special thing.
That's why Kevin McKernan called it Golden Gate Assembly.
That's why he's calling it seamless ligation.
It's just molecular biology.
And the crazy part is, is all this molecular biology is derived from molecular biology of bacteria and their phages.
It has nothing to do with using tools that we ourselves have in our own cells.
We don't have a whole suite of restriction enzymes that we use all the time like bacteria do.
Isn't that weird?
And flags all to it and say this was created by people.
That's what you would do if you're creating viruses for biological warfare.
Right, that's right.
And that's another question is why would he give it to the Chinese?
I mean, that was a military lab.
It was run by the military.
It's hard to even understand that.
What would be the rationale for doing that?
I, you know, I try not to look in other people's heads.
I try, like in the Fauci book, I never look in and speculate about what his motives are.
I just say this is what he did.
But I do think that there's this, among a lot of the people who are doing that kind of research, the gain-of-function research, there are big career, economic, and professional incentives to break ground, to break new ground, and say, you know, I just, one of his fundees created an avian flu virus, which can be very deadly to humans if you can make it do human-to-human transition.
a transmission, and he developed one that could jump to mammals.
Why would you do that?
You know, you're just, you're inviting a catastrophe.
And they published it and bragged about it.
And I think there's this kind of, this kind of, I don't know whether I would call it a God complex or something where, you know, some of the people in that field seem to have a
This kind of gets some kind of sense of omnipotence or something from developing something that can kill all of humanity.
But I don't know, that is sheer speculation.
That sounds right to me.
It's the same kind of speculation that underlies the wide acceptance of the existence and potential danger of nukes, right?
That I guess we imagine that some people derive a lot of power from baking a cherry bomb that can open a black hole.
They want to see if they can do it, even if it means the destruction of humanity.
And Ralph Baric is just really, you know, it's just an irresistible desire to make something that's so nasty just to see if he can do it.
It's such a weird, dumb story to me.
It really is.
So it sounds like Fauci is beyond the reach of the law at this point.
Yeah, I think generally, unless there was a truth commission, you know, which they did, and as you know, in South Africa, they did it in Central America after the, you know, the 1980s wars there.
And they were very, very helpful to those societies.
And, you know, I think we should probably do something like that now.
And in those cases, what happens is you have a commission that hears testimony on what exactly happened.
Anybody who comes and volunteers to justify truthfully is then given immunity from prosecution.
So it sounds a little bit like what the NCI or something like that or they think they're going to roll out whistleblowers like the uh you know it's like the diffuse proposal or some shit like this is just terrible.
It's such terrible shit.
And but so that at least the public knows who did what.
Yes.
And people who are called and don't take that deal and purge themselves they then can be uh they can be uh prosecuted.
we have a track record of uh... revealing the truth in a timely manner as you know better than anybody president on january twenty third issued an executive order ordering the full declassification files related to the murder of your uncle father and martin luther king and um... you know if you can see all that work where is that process have your conclusions about any or all of those three murders changed on the base of the documents and i don't know i'm nothing change i mean you know as you know there's already millions pages documents out there and i think you know in
In terms of my uncle's death, I think that, you know, that that ship has sailed.
I don't think anybody who actually is willing to read the evidence now will question the fact that my uncle was killed by a conspiracy.
And that, in fact, Congress, in 1973, when the Church Committee looked at it, I think it was 73, the Church Committee, what, 75?
The Church Committee, they said it was conspiracy.
That was the conclusion of the Congressional Committee.
So the Warren Committee that was run by Alan Dulles, who was, you know, had a lot of reasons to lie,
and did lie throughout.
And in fact, he said at one of the sessions, yeah, if we were involved in this, we would lie.
Oh, he said that.
And he and he got himself put on that committee.
And he was really should have been called the Dulles Commission.
You know, he said it's a single shooter is doing it.
And, you know, in 75, that was 64.
So 11 years later,
Congress investigated, and they had a much larger purview.
They had much more data at that time.
And they said it was a conspiracy.
But since then, there's been a million documents released and probably 30 people who were involved and made confessions, including many of the prime actors.
And so I don't think there is any doubt that my uncle was killed by conspiracy.
My father is more difficult because we just don't have the data.
It's never been investigated.
And, you know, I've been trying to get it investigated.
You know, one of the women who played potentially a key role in it was a woman in the polka dot dress who appeared to be Sir Hans Handler.
And that woman is living openly in Tarzana, California.
Nobody's ever talked to her.
And she, you know, people should, this should be investigated and people should talk to her and, you know, really investigate the crime.
Thank you very much.
So, and as you know, and I think I've talked to you about this before, that my father, you know, Sirhan was there.
There were 77 eyewitnesses in the kitchen at the time.
And he took two shots at my father.
One of those shots hit Paul Schrader in the head, and Paul Schrader survived.
And the other one hit the door jamb behind my father, and it was later removed by the LAPD.
And then Sirhan was grabbed by six people, including Rayford Johnson, Rosie Greer, Carl Ulrich, who was the manager.
Is this important to know, do you think?
Is this really what we need?
I mean, he just told us that it was a lab leak, that Tony Fauci's responsible, that we should have a truth commission.
It's pretty frightening really where we are and I don't know how to say it any other way I've had enough conversations with this guy in the presence of other people to know that he's heard the truth multiple times He's heard it multiple times All the shots hit people We know what happened every every shot this gun and my father was shot by four shots from behind One of them passed harmless the others were And that shot he
and he was a, and my father fell down by the left, and the LAPD collected him, but we don't have the real thing, and then they never confiscated the gun from Cesar, and he was in Los Angeles, and he had a top security classification, you know the answers to them, you know, I was in, I was gonna go over there and talk to him, and he said,
about getting all the documents relevant to those three murders, those three assassinations.
Are you confident that all of it will come out by the end of this term?
I'm confident that President Trump will release anything that he has access to.
But, you know, I don't expect anything groundbreaking.
Are we going to go and figure out about this kid that came from our high school here locally?
Are we going to find out what social networks he's on so I can make sure that my kid who goes to that high school now doesn't get involved in the same network?
Are we going to remember that at all?
Cause I remember it because they closed down the street right up here.
I couldn't walk my dog the way I normally walk it.
That's how close that shit happened here.
And we haven't learned anything about that kid or his social media connections.
You know, maybe he was, he was online flirting with Soph.
I don't know.
It come from those documents because first of all, with my uncle, we've already got everything.
There may be little things like,
you know, the calendar for Bill Harvey, who was one of the people who was in the CIA, who was almost certainly involved.
And other things, how he was recruited, et cetera.
I guess I'll deliberate.
So last question, you left while you were born here, obviously your father's an attorney general of the United States when you were young.
He's murdered in 1968, you leave Washington, you haven't lived- So no talk about what he did as attorney general, no talk about the changes made to the FDA while he was attorney general, no talk about how his,
You know, he's had Brett Weinstein on his show before, so it wouldn't be ridiculous for him to say, it's kind of cool that your dad appointed Brett Weinstein's dad to the Department of Justice and had so much to do with the modernization of the FDA.
That's really cool.
That's a cool history that you and Brett share.
It's the same thing that him and Brett didn't talk about.
That's right.
Bobby and Brett didn't talk about when they did a podcast together during the pandemic that was recorded in 2021, but didn't get released until February 23.
They never talked about the fact that their dads work together.
Isn't that weird?
I'm talking about Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad and Bret Weinstein's dad, and Bret Weinstein's dad is still alive.
Bret Weinstein's brother is still an advisor to Peter Thiel.
They're all part of the intellectual dark web that was started with the Shapiro guy and the Rubin guy and the Rogan guy and the Peterson guy.
Those shitheads are all on the same team here.
They're all sticking to this terrible narrative.
They all assisted in the fake Trump shooting and the momentum on social media, the weeks afterward to figure out whether there was more than one shooter or not, or whether it was an inside job from the secret service because of all the buffoonery that they caught on video.
Then this is all one malevolent show.
And these two guys are in the same malevolent shitty script.
If you're since you just came back as secretary, what's it like?
What do you notice?
What do you think of it?
Well, you know, I didn't expect to love living in Washington.
I, when I was a kid, I couldn't wait to get out of Washington.
Um, but you know, I'm, my, my wife is happy here.
We found kind of a community and a neighborhood and, um, the, I love the people that I'm working with at this agency.
It's the most gifted, committed group of people that I've ever worked with.
And they're, you know, immensely talented and committed.
And then I really liked the cabinet.
I think the, you know, president Trump's cabinet has put together an extraordinary cabinet on the,
I'm friends with a number of the people I never thought I'd be friends with, but they're, you know... Who do you like?
I mean, I really get along with Pam Bondi, and Cheryl loves Pam, and her husband John, and Marco Rubio.
Marco Rubio is the funniest guy in the cabinet.
He says things that make people belly laugh at every cabinet meeting.
You know, I never was very, let's say, you know, I think very aligned with me on most issues.
I can't do it.
Just the fact that we should not be the policemen of the world anymore.
I can't do it anymore.
I can't listen to him anymore.
I apologize.
There's only like five minutes left.
We'll take a short music break and I'll see you in a minute.
Ooh, that was the wrong one.
I want this one.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to click this out and here.
This one's for you.
amazing tornado with human eyes poison birdbaths and torrents of chemical rain like the heads of state hyperventilating in clouds of methane sundown on the human heart and this is what the apocalypse will sound like
It'll sound like Final Jeopardy but somehow be ghostly like a glockenspiel, like the testing of bombs or the tapping of stiletto heels.
It'll sound like...
tried to make a distinction between death and extinction.
They stopped off at a place called Hamburger Heaven to grab a bite to eat, but Helen had no appetite.
She just drank a 7-Up while the sheriff tapped his coffee cup to a distant beat, kind of like, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
It won't look like those old frescoes, man, I don't think so.
There'll be no angels with swords, man, I don't think so.
And it won't look like those old movies, neither.
There'll be no drag racing over the bombed-out streets, neither.
No shareholders will be orbiting the Earth's man, neither.
It'll be hard to recognize each other through our oxygen masks.
The successful sons of businessmen will set their desks on fire like the five-star generals of the free world weeping the oil choke tide.
It won't sound good.
They agreed to disagree.
They zoomed off in a doomed Corvette.
The sheriff couldn't recall feeling this way his entire life as he drove through the principalities of unreality on the run with somebody else's wife, the heiress of Texas oil.
Is it to find everything I've lost or I've been in search of?
Or is it to return to the things to which there is no more return?
Ah that was a bad... I made my sound too late there.
I'm gonna go right away to replay the interview with the interview clip of Suzanne Humphreys with the Rogan Show and show you another video from at least eight years ago that will contrast again very starkly to what this shithead and liar said on Joe Rogan.
Remember
As long as Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were alive, some of these people were able to say that I don't think there are any good vaccines.
They were able to say that I think all vaccines are bad, that they have done no good.
But as soon as Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were dead, now suddenly they didn't have a very succinct message anymore.
Now it was more about choice.
It was about health freedom and building a big top tent of health freedom where they're not challenging anything like baseball bats to the head.
They want parents to be able to choose how many baseball bats they give to their kid's head and when they do it.
And they don't want a lot of argument about that because mandates are bad.
This person is a traitor.
This person is dead.
Listen to this video.
Have there been any instances where vaccines have been helpful?
The question of the century, isn't it?
Okay.
Now we have to back up a minute because
I had that same question, and I had to go dig deep.
All the questions you have in your head right now, I had them too at one point.
So here I am, a medical doctor, working in the field, believing in pretty much everything I was told, giving hundreds if not thousands of vaccines out to my patients, hepatitis B vaccines in particular, flu shots for sure.
I was a nephrologist, kidney specialist, and dialysis, et cetera.
And initially, you know, we all kind of have an aversion to needles.
I think it's a natural human aversion.
Some of our kids, no one's going, oh, I want to go get my vaccines.
We're like, you know, OK, fine, sore arm, you get over it.
Most of us were lucky enough to get over it.
So by the time the first instance of
Problem occurred in front of my eyes.
I was already a fully seasoned professor of medicine, you know working in a in a tertiary care medical center Okay, and so it it's been a bit of a and so one of the reasons why she was chosen by this group of people these actors is because of that that she had the credentials that could replace Tony bark and
a former attending physician of pediatrics in the ER of Rush Presbyterian Hospital and Rush Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois.
She doesn't even bother to mention where she used to work because probably where she used to work isn't significant.
Um, whereas where Tony Bark worked was one of the busiest ERs in America.
And across the fricking alley from Cook County hospital, the busiest ER in America at some point, like, come on, this is, this is so malevolent and this is such a shitty American.
It's hard for me to express it in words.
Process, because for me, it was the influenza vaccines in 2008, 2009 that
showed me without a doubt that vaccines can and do cause kidney failure and put people on dialysis, that that does happen.
It can cause hypertension.
So kidney failure and hypertension are not autism.
Okay.
So when these people for the last five years have been saying that vaccines cause autism, not only is that a shitty limited statement, but it's also a shitty limited statement because autism itself is so ridiculous as a concept.
And so we're not told to take a vaccine history in medical school.
We're not told to even look there.
It's not even part of, especially in adults.
But when I did start looking there, I started to see more and more associations.
Let's just put it that way.
And so first I had to go down the flu vaccine bunny trail.
And every time I went down that flu vaccine bunny trail, guess what I was asked?
What about polio?
So I thought, all right.
even though this has absolutely zero to do with polio, because I'm watching people crap out in front of me after influenza vaccines, let's see about polio, because I knew very little about polio.
See, so she's been at it for so fricking long that she can't see that, yeah, but they're asking me about polio, so I'll look at polio.
So what would be the continuum between those two?
What do they share in common?
Polio is completely different.
It's a completely different virus, completely different formulation.
What do they share in common?
And we're supposed to believe that this shithead, after more than two decades of trying to figure this out, still hasn't come to the conclusion that maybe it's not the specific shit that we inject, it's just injecting shit.
Oh wait, she did.
She was saying that when Brandy Vaughn was still alive.
She was saying that when Tony Bark was still alive.
She was saying that at events.
where those people were.
At those events, Brian Hooker didn't say it.
At those events, Mary Holland didn't say it.
Only Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark and Suzanne Humphrey said it.
Everybody else was about mandates and religious exemptions and freedom of speech.
And we just want safe vaccines, but
Suzanne Humphries, Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn.
And so now here she is again.
Remember, she's on Joe Rogan.
She's got her whole she can say whatever she wants.
This is what she's saying.
I'm going to escape and start it again.
And then I'll move forward in the have there been any instance, right?
This is the one that everybody points to we don't have crippled kids.
Yeah.
What
When you look at the historical timeline of polio, what do you think caused it to go, to essentially not be a problem anymore?
You don't think vaccinations had anything to do with that?
Well, I also, it's not what I think, because that's the thing.
Like, look, when I got into this, I didn't say, oh, you know, I want to argue that vaccines are great.
I said, look, I don't care.
I didn't have skin in the game.
I didn't have vaccine injured kids.
I couldn't have cared.
You saw a video yesterday that I showed you where she said that she doesn't believe any vaccines are safe.
It's not a possible thing.
There is no such thing.
Vaccines are dumb.
She didn't say that, but she said everything else.
They're antithetical to our basic biology.
Everything that Brandy Vaughn and Tony Barker were saying, she said.
And now she's not saying it.
She's very specifically denying having ever said it, that she made any progress at all.
She just basically has been questioning it.
And ever since it's been tough.
She's actually lying about the fact that at one point in time, there are videos of her much younger face saying that all vaccines are bad.
I don't believe there's any good vaccine.
I don't think you can make a good vaccine because they are antithetical to our biology.
Less about it, essentially, except that it was something in front of me and it didn't make sense.
Wherever the truth falls, that's what I'm going to talk about.
So what I say is that what the facts line up to show you is that polio is still here.
Polio is still alive and well.
Polio is called different things today.
Whereas back in the 1940s, 1950s, the criteria for diagnosing polio were completely different to the year that the vaccine was introduced.
Wow.
So they diagnosed polio different.
They diagnosed autism different.
They're diagnosing rubella different.
What an convenient fricking story.
It's almost like, you know, Oh my gosh, it's all gross.
the playing field, the goalposts, everything was changed so that despite the fact that there was more paralytic polio in the years after that vaccine was introduced, they were able to show a
a complete cascading drop of paralytic polio simply because of the way they changed the definitions of what polio is and what could cause it.
And they started testing for the virus, where before they would never test for the virus.
And when they started testing for the virus later, what they would find that people had Guillain-Barre syndrome, they didn't have virus, or they had Coxsackie virus or Echovirus, or they were lead poisoned or mercury poisoned, which was the mercury and lead were the leading treatments of the day, including blood letting.
They were telling people to take your cigarette and put a little bit of arsenic in there.
It's good for your lungs.
They were literally blowing smoke up people's butts.
That's where the term comes from.
If you want to Google that now, you'll see that there's an instrument that does it.
Leah, the polio story, where to even begin?
And so there's about 70 pages.
And so that became my obsession.
So when people said, what about polio, and I started digging this up, I went deep into it.
Did you dive into pesticides?
Yes, yes, you have to dive into pesticides because the tonnage of production of DDT absolutely mirrored the diagnosis for polio.
Which is the story of the moth in the iron lung, as far as I believe.
In the days and the countries that still make DDT today is where we're still seeing this paralytic polio situation happen.
And also, weren't the first cases, did they break out in a rural community?
That could easily be true, right?
DDT could be causing paralysis very separate from a biological signal that could be characterized as a gastrointentional, you know, phage.
And they're misconstruing all these things together as one thing.
And she's, she's promoting the book story of it.
That's all.
It's just, it's just a script.
Otherwise, if she was really trying to score a touchdown by now in this video, she would have already said that there are no good vaccines.
I knew that before the pandemic.
Immunity.
The first cases of polio, yes.
In the United States, paralytic polio.
Yes, it was out in the countryside.
Well, that was probably more because of the sheep and cow dipping.
So arsenic, you'd have to look at arsenic, you have to look at the mercurials, you have to look at the calcium arsenate, lead arsenate sprays that were put on trees.
But what you're talking about in particular, they would call the cow disease.
They'd go out in the family when you would
go to the house, they'd say, all the kids have the cow disease, what the cows had before.
Well, what were they doing?
They would have this trenches.
You talk to farmers even today.
Oh yeah, we had trenches.
We would just walk them straight through and I'd be soaked with the stuff by the end of the day.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
So they're basically soaking and bathing in arsenic, which is great for killing fleas and ticks, but it's not really great for keeping your nervous system happy because the fact of the matter is, and this again, I've got medical reference.
Rogan's inhaling in the back.
Oh, he's such a monkey.
This is everything I can't get away with making stuff up.
Okay, I have to put a reference for everything But arsenic causes the exact same spinal pathology that and fevers and everything It literally mimics what they were calling polio and a polio virus back in the day.
I Read this crazy statistic and I still can't believe it's real that 95 to 99 percent of all polio is asymptomatic
That's exactly right.
So polio virus is what we call a commensal.
Just like you have staph on your skin and strep on your skin and it actually serves a purpose.
It keeps other microbes in check.
A commensal, which means what?
It means a background signal.
It's there.
Commensal.
It's a background signal.
Now do you see why they have to have these trained liars in place?
Because the COVID vaccine and the COVID narrative and the COVID bullshit and the COVID spike are all based on background signals.
I don't know how they've used them, which ones are real and which ones aren't, and how they really work.
But I know that it's a background signal, and that's why they will never allow the FDA to retroactively investigate the 220 EUA-granted PCR diagnostics that were used in the United States to define the pandemic for three years.
They will never do it.
You don't get a cut and have not a good immune system to deal from the inside out.
So polio, the reason I can say that polio is a commensal is because again, there are medical studies that showed that people who dared to get on the edge of some of these wild... So being a commensal is very difficult to prove whether it's a phage or whether it's infecting you.
If it's a commensal in your gut, it's most likely replicating in the bacteria.
So it makes it a phage.
Do you see, do you see the problem here?
Because phages can move freely through the gut-blood-brain barrier.
Lots of them can, maybe polio can, I don't know.
But it's not a virus that's replicating in us.
Not by, not because there's definitive proof of it, that's for sure.
And she certainly doesn't have it.
Tribes down in South America or elsewhere, but in particular, I'm talking about a South American tribe called the Javante Indians.
So the Indian Health Service got to the edge of it and bargained that they would get some stool and some blood from the tribes so that they could test it for polio.
And what they found was 98 to 99 percent of every person they tested, and it was hundreds of people.
had evidence of immunity to all three strains of polio.
And they said to them, well, where are your crippled children?
Where's your short legs?
Where are the people that died of respiratory failure?
And they were like, we don't have any of that problem.
Okay, so the point is, again, by relying on their diagnostics and their immunomarkers and telling a story about their data, we're supposed to believe that their diagnostics work.
and that there is polio, but these people had it and didn't get paralyzed.
And so there's a whole bunch of assumptions that are working here and she is not questioning any of them.
She's just regurgitating them because it's a fricking script.
I thought she talked about smallpox vaccine in that video.
I must have to open up a new, I'm gonna have to get that up, sorry.
because there was a smallpox part of that interview and I thought I had the right clip there.
I apologize, that screwed up.
We need Humphreys, Rogan, smallpox.
Maybe there's a clip.
what actually happened in polio.
I think this is where she says it.
So they're basically soaking us after a while, the only cases of polio, and it became so often immunity that occurred in the throat, and it changed it for the worse, not made its way into your body, because onselectomies were huge.
What causes it then actual pathology, you know, so they call it again.
Can you say that word again?
Myelitis.
Poliomyelitis.
What caught in tonsillitis they're afraid of for the strain escaped.
People were throwing their cats out the window.
Some 20,000.
Thing that was very confusing.
Well, they started killing dogs.
You know, in New York, in that incidence, I told.
Oh, they don't get human derived polio.
It doesn't cross.
I got to find it.
Sorry.
So the polio story.
I'm not making this up either, 1916, Upper East Side, Manhattan, there was a Rockefeller lab that their specific stated goal was to try to create the most pathological, neuropathological strain of polio possible.
And they did that by taking monkey brains and human spinal serum and injecting it into monkeys, polio in Greek, poliomyelitis, dealing with a solution of
mother is able to introduce antigens in the world to her baby through her own immune response to that vaccine.
So, like, I think if most women understood the power and said, no, no, no, we can't do this.
Meanwhile, guess what?
They were using the same vaccine in the 1700s and 1800s
late 1700s all through the 1800s into the 1900s, they would sometimes, you probably saw the picture, the child's arm considered a good take.
Five huge ulcers on the arm, with sanitation being what it was, no antibiotics.
Can you imagine having your baby have five scars on its arm, ulcerating from these things, having fevers?
Sometimes the arms became necrotic.
Sometimes the disease spread all over the place.
And there was nothing to give them except bloodletting, mercurials, and arsenicals, and heating them up in a dark room with no sunlight.
That was the treatment.
Mercurials and arsenicals.
These words are being used to bamboozle you.
I'm listening for this smallpox thing.
Smallpox.
So you tell me why smallpox was so lethal.
This episode is brought to you by farmer's dog.
It doesn't matter.
Lethal with no sunlight.
That was the reels and arsenicals and heating them up in a dark room with no sunlight.
That was the treatment for smallpox.
So you tell me why smallpox was so lethal.
Okay.
So that's possible.
They poisoned him I guess.
Unheard of you you wouldn't you wouldn't be able to imagine just the smell of human feces everywhere Like streets were filled without houses.
There was animal shit in the streets.
It was no sanitation There's no running water.
It's a disaster.
It's a disaster and there's no good food.
So you got malnutrition you you're exposed to numerous pathogens and just
if if
puss pockets in your lungs.
So yeah, thank you for that description.
I don't think I could hear historical quotes from, you know, anthropologists that would go through the slums in New York, you know, the Ellis Island was just bringing people in.
Okay, so anyway, let's watch the clip that I wanted you to see because she doesn't say this on Joe Rogan, what she says in this clip, and I think it's very striking.
It's baffling.
It's like the minds have been sucked into this paradigm so deeply.
If indeed it is such a miraculous product, wouldn't we be noticing how miraculous it is?
Are they saying that we are just too stupid to notice that this is killing people and maiming people?
That we're too stupid to notice that it's miraculous?
You know, I think that is a lot of the argument.
We're just too stupid to notice how miraculous this is.
So to protect everybody, they're going to give it to us anyway.
Why must such a wonderful product be forced upon people since the beginning of vaccination?
If people were really seeing each other dropping dead of smallpox and they were really seeing each other being saved by a smallpox vaccine, the line would be out of town, you know, to get it.
That's never been the case.
And that's a very important point to make that I've made with historical textbooks and historical medical encyclopedias and domestic medical practice books from the early 1900s, where in none of the descriptions of smallpox, do you hear them talking about death and the likelihood of it and how to avoid it?
Why didn't she say that on Joe Rogan?
That's a pretty good sales pitch for Joe Rogan.
Just like, I don't think there are any good vaccines.
I don't think they make sense.
They're not, they don't make biological sense.
Why wouldn't she say that?
Because she could say it when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were alive.
The history books really show that the people that were vaccinated were among the sickest, that many children were dying after smallpox vaccinations, that they were developing terrible ulcerations, beautiful, perfect babies, you know, forced into smallpox vaccines.
And so the idea, again, is that the Paul Offits and the Vincent Rackin-Yellows, they use smallpox and the existence of anti-vaccine
literature at that time has evidence that the anti-vax movement has always existed.
It always questioned vaccination.
And what's really remarkable about that, that these people don't seem to be able to dunk with, is that that means that the idea of vaccination has never been wrong, has never needed updating.
The methodology was never less than perfect.
Vaccination has always been good, is the stance, all the way back to the smallpox vaccine.
So again, a couple decades of work, and this shithead progressed to understanding it, and then not saying it anymore.
Just like Brian Hooker progressed to saying it, that autism is a bullshit word that he doesn't use, to not saying it anymore.
Because they're all on the same malevolent national security script.
Otherwise they'd be dead, or they'd be using social media to completely ignore them.
either dying or developing terrible, terrible diseases.
And the diseases are often said, oh, that would have happened anyway.
But parents who watch this happen time and again know otherwise.
So those of us who actually notice the science is not backing up vaccination, those of us who notice that people are being maimed and killed by vaccinations, those of us who have experienced our own vaccine reactions are categorically thought to be mad
despite the fact that we've actually studied it.
They used to say it, but they don't say it anymore, ladies and gentlemen, because this is a national security operation where an expected rise in all-cause mortality, clearly visible in the population pyramid for more than three decades, was used, misconstrued as a spread.
And the way that they did it was they took an existing background and they used nonspecific PCR tests and molded it
They molded it into a graph that they could point to on the PBS NewsHour and say that something really shitty was happening in America, but not in Australia and Japan and New Zealand where they locked down and wore masks.
They were fine in 2020 and 2021.
And in America, there is a very succinct list of ways that people were killed.
And there seems to be an incredibly low number of people that are willing to assemble and curate such a list.
Like me and Mark and Joe, that's it.
And the reason why is because endemicity is a myth that these people are all protecting with the same script that protects PCR as a diagnostic, and sequencing as a high-fidelity measurement, and transfection as a vaccine.
Ladies and gentlemen, they did it with placebo, they did it with non-specific tests, and people are still using those tests to find those ghosts.
and still playing the role of Ghostbuster, and they're all in front of us on social media.
So until you get off of social media, we're going to lose.
And this is for all the marbles, so we don't want to lose, ladies and gentlemen.
Social media has people like this.
people like this that will tell you that... In the past months, I've had a lot of discussions about AI with people who know that computers can't ever be conscious or have free will or be truly intelligent because they're just machines.
But look, the human brain is just a machine too, in the sense that we get input and we work on that input and we create memories and or act in response to that input.
There's nothing going on in the human brain that a computer can't also do.
Sure, we don't fully understand just how the human brain works,
Sure, we don't fully understand how the human brain works.
Sure, we don't fully understand how the pattern integrity is encoded in genes, but who gives a shit?
We assume that it is.
Who gives a shit?
We assume that the brain is doing nothing special.
Because we're nothing special.
Because the message is we're nothing special.
Our kids are nothing special.
We're just a blip in time.
Just one member of a giant species.
You might as well consider yourself an experimental animal.
This is one of the worst humans on earth.
And an incredible fraud.
An incredible fraud.
but we're getting better at it, and computers are getting more similar to it.
I'm afraid that this belief that there is something special, basically magical, going on in human brains that an algorithm can't also do, leads people to underestimate just how dramatic
Now remember it's very different for me to say that language is a trick and language can be gamed and they've been gaming language for as long as language existed to control people is very different than saying that what goes on in our brain is just language and so we're all dumb and we don't have we don't have our free will.
We are sovereign beings made in the image of God.
Come to terms with it.
These people are lying.
and they are being paid to lie.
They are being facilitated to lie.
And until you realize it and purposely remove them from your life, they will be allowed to continue to mislead you and your family and friends.
Artificial intelligence will change the world once it reaches human level, which is probably... It's never going to reach human level because they don't have anything like that.
They have to build the storage.
They have to build the computers.
They need to build the small reactors that will power them.
They need to do all kinds of shit yet.
Their plans are so far from happening.
It's just a joke.
And in the meantime, they're setting up a smaller iteration of it in these different systems, in these different places, where they'll start to collect the data with mobile devices and from doctor's visits, just to see if they can store it all and whether they can feed it all in a useful way into a machine learning algorithm and get a couple low-hanging fruits.
And in the meantime, they're going to keep all these shitheads
Steven Hatfield, Tess Laurie, Robert Malone, Harvey Reich, Tess Laurie, Jessica Rose.
They're gonna keep all these shitheads in front of us, talking about the lab leak, making everything that matters invisible.
If you want to really see who's at the heart of this, you need to go to the November 23, you know, 18th and 19th of November in Bucharest, Romania.
This stage photograph incriminates all of the people in the red circles.
They're all liars.
They're all being paid.
They're all basically on this man's script or Kevin McKernan's script or whoever's running them.
And it's an international group of performers that includes Steve Hatfill, and Brett Weinstein, and Nick Hudson, and Jason Kristoff, and Jessica Rose, and Harvey Reich.
And they're probably all standing in front of Byron Bridle.
Byron Bridle just hopes that he's doing something okay, but he doesn't get it yet.
They have to keep him away from me.
And Denny Rancor is an incredibly bad liar.
And his interactions with me were only because Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and them told him to do it.
It's really gross, ladies and gentlemen.
And now there's a plot to get RFK.
And look who's wrote it.
James Lyons Weiler being promoted on Robert Malone's substack.
Well, go figure.
Go figure.
It's hard to believe, isn't it, that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances is just plain dumb?
It's hard to believe that transfection in healthy humans was always dangerous and criminal.
It's hard to believe that we're the only people on earth saying viruses are not pattern integrities, but someday our kids are gonna learn it, ladies and gentlemen.
Someday our kids are gonna know it.
My name is Jonathan Cooley, coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can find my work on PubMed.
You can also find me on JC on a Bike and JC in the Woods on YouTube.
I was in that book, so buy that book.
It's a historical document.
Buy it, send it to me, and I'll sign it to you.
You can send it to P.O.
Box 802 Bethel Park, Pennsylvania.
And we can send you an early COVID sticker, an early COVID survivor sticker, and some gigaohm stickers, and even a gigaohm Velcro-backed patch, you know, so you can put it on your tactical bag or whatever.
Yeah, I'm kind of one of those guys that has a tactical bag with Velcro on it.
How this works is that people share the stream and people learn the biology.
So if you're not doing it regularly and you want to help, please share the stream.
And if you really want to help, go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support me and my family's work here.
It would be greatly appreciated.
Thanks, Simon.
Thanks, Jeff.
Thanks, William.
Thanks, everybody.
I'll see you tomorrow.